# Non-technical requirements

-----

- Non-technical requirements
- [Technical requirements](02.Technical_requirements.md)
- [Information for Campaign Managers and Designers](03.Information_for_Campaign_Managers_and_Designers.md)
- [Information for Developers](04.Information_for_Developers.md)
- [Installation and running locally](05.Installation_and_running_locally.md)
- [Installation and running on the web](06.Installation_and_running_on_the_web.md)

-----

## A list of shareable images and colours

As an example, I have three different shareable graphics.

- Graphic 1 has three different colour schemes
- Graphic 2 has four different colour schemes
- Graphic 3 has two different colour schemes

In this example, I would need to provide the developer with 9 different graphics.

They must be 1200 x 630, and in PNG format. See [Information for Campaign Managers and Designers](03.Information_for_Campaign_Managers_and_Designers.md) for more details.

-----

## A list of shareable action types, their copy and where they redirect to

A user can choose from a list of actions that they want to share to social media.

They have a call to action, headlines and descriptions for the social shares, and need somewhere to link to. See [Information for Campaign Managers and Designers](03.Information_for_Campaign_Managers_and_Designers.md) for more details.

-----

## Two website urls to use

This tool needs _two_ different website 'subdomains' to use.

The first is where the toolkit itself lives. Something like `toolkit.my-website.com`.

The second is the one that is used when it's shared. Something like `get-involved.my-website.com`.

See [Information for Campaign Managers and Designers](03.Information_for_Campaign_Managers_and_Designers.md) for more details.

-----

## Copy

There is a space for a brief introduction or instructions when the user visits the app.

This tool will need to be able to link to a privacy policy and a cookie policy.

-----

## A site logo and icon

You will also need to provide a logo for the header, and a site icon which will show in the browser tab.

See [Information for Campaign Managers and Designers](03.Information_for_Campaign_Managers_and_Designers.md) for more details.

-----

## Analytics

If you want to be able to get analytics, then you'll need to provide an ID for Google Analytics, and for Facebook, the Pixel code and your Facebook App id.

See [Information for Campaign Managers and Designers](03.Information_for_Campaign_Managers_and_Designers.md) for more details.
